about/districts.md, before:

## Districts
The city of Gadgetzan is organized into distrits. Each district has its own histories, traditions and services. Some services can only be found in certain districts and even then characters may need the help of friendly NPCs to introduce them to certain, seedier, markets.

### Govern District
The Govern District is the heart and mind of Gadgetzan, if not its soul. It houses the city's military forces, courts, and government. Many other buildings in the district are given over to city business, including several courts for magisters and the barracks of the City Guard. So many of the districts's structures are offices and meeting halls for business owners, solicitors, publishers, and the like that the Govern District has the smallest resident population of all the districts.

### Northern District
Nobles aplenty live in the Northern District, but the character of this district is more peaceful than most other districts. Though it has taverns and shops to suit a variety of tastes, the tenor of the area tends toward reserved and polite. Most streets are lined with row houses inhabited by the families of prosperous people of business investing, and civic service. They are each wealthy enough to employ a servant or two, or they endeavor to appear as such.

### Southern District
One can indulge in the finest halfling food here, enjoy the best singers of Calishite music, and examine the most stunning works of dwarveo crafting- but the first challenge is finding where these treats are housed. The Southern District has long been a district of laborers catering to travelers, so its folk have adopted the architectural custom of building homes and businesses above stables or around inn yards, near to where wagon trains are housed. The District hosts most of the traveling merchants who visit the city, and is made up of many enclaves, blocks, and streets primarily occupied by citizens who trace their ancestry to other realms.

### Trades District
This district bustles day and night with activity, both on the street and on balcony walkways that run the length of blocks and are sometimes layered five stories high. Shop signs appear to leap out from buildings, whose sides a replastered with advertisements all vying for the attention of the eye. Clothing stores, jewelry stores, perfumeries, flower shops, cake shops, taverns, cafes, inns, boarding schools, offices-as long as it's not illegal, you can find it in the Trades District. But if you are looking for something illegal, the Trades District is likely the place to get that too.

### Docks District
Warehouses, poorhouses, and tenements dominate much of the area. Streets are steep throughout, and few have space alongside for pedestrians. Wandering through the district can be a bewildering journey without a guide. Except in the immediate vicinity of the piers, shop signs and advertising of any kind are rare, and warehouses and other businesses often have no sign at all. You either know where you are going and have reason to be there- or you are lost, and a likely mark for pickpockets or worse. This is the area where most of Gadgetzan's poorest and hardest working reside.

Commit message:

feat: added more details to the governace of the city

about/districts.md, after:

## Districts
The city of Gadgetzan is organized into distrits. Each district has its own histories, traditions and services. Some services can only be found in certain districts and even then characters may need the help of friendly NPCs to introduce them to certain, seedier, markets.

### Govern District
The Govern District is the heart and mind of Gadgetzan, if not its soul. It houses the city's military forces, courts, and government. Many other buildings in the district are given over to city business, including several courts for magisters and the barracks of the City Guard. So many of the districts's structures are offices and meeting halls for business owners, solicitors, publishers, and the like that the Govern District has the smallest resident population of all the districts.

Also located within the Govern District is Blackstaff Tower, a squat black blot in the otherwise pretty ward. Humble though the edifice might be, looking at the place for too long can give you a queasy feeling and the sense that you are being watched- almost as if the tower itself has turned an unseen and wrathful eye upon you.

### Northern District
Nobles aplenty live in the Northern District, but the character of this district is more peaceful than most other districts. Though it has taverns and shops to suit a variety of tastes, the tenor of the area tends toward reserved and polite. Most streets are lined with row houses inhabited by the families of prosperous people of business investing, and civic service. They are each wealthy enough to employ a servant or two, or they endeavor to appear as such.

In the morning, servants spread out to knock on doors and begin their work. In turn, the residents of the ward take their exits, parting fondly with spouses and children, their footsteps tramping along the sidewalks or taking them into rauling hire-coaches. In the span of just an hour, the North Ward comes to noisy life and then settles again into quiescence, until later in the day when the process reverses itself, as residents return from work and servants leave.

### Southern District
One can indulge in the finest halfling food here, enjoy the best singers of Calishite music, and examine the most stunning works of dwarveo crafting- but the first challenge is finding where these treats are housed. The Southern District has long been a district of laborers catering to travelers, so its folk have adopted the architectural custom of building homes and businesses above stables or around inn yards, near to where wagon trains are housed. The District hosts most of the traveling merchants who visit the city, and is made up of many enclaves, blocks, and streets primarily occupied by citizens who trace their ancestry to other realms.

### Trades District
This district bustles day and night with activity, both on the street and on balcony walkways that run the length of blocks and are sometimes layered five stories high. Shop signs appear to leap out from buildings, whose sides a replastered with advertisements all vying for the attention of the eye. Clothing stores, jewelry stores, perfumeries, flower shops, cake shops, taverns, cafes, inns, boarding schools, offices-as long as it's not illegal, you can find it in the Trades District. But if you are looking for something illegal, the Trades District is likely the place to get that too.

Do not do so too loudly, though. The City Watch has a heavy presence in this ward, in the form of both open patrols and officers working out of uniform.

### Docks District
Warehouses, poorhouses, and tenements dominate much of the area. Streets are steep throughout, and few have space alongside for pedestrians. Wandering through the district can be a bewildering journey without a guide. Except in the immediate vicinity of the piers, shop signs and advertising of any kind are rare, and warehouses and other businesses often have no sign at all. You either know where you are going and have reason to be there- or you are lost, and a likely mark for pickpockets or worse. This is the area where most of Gadgetzan's poorest and hardest working reside.
